the following trailer is rated H for
honest also spoiler alert from the
studio that for some reason isn't
working on a next-gen jak and daxter
comes a PlayStation exclusive so bleak
it makes Killzone look like Kingdom
Hearts The Last of Us experience the
game critics tripped over themselves to
shower with praise and was a near
unanimous choice for game of the year
but they're actually kind of right the
game is amazing what I got to be honest
experience yet another take on the
zombie apocalypse but instead of ancient
curses or chemical warfare gone wrong
this time it's a really bad case of
allergies now the only one who's immune
is Ellie a teenage girl with a face of
Ellen Page and the mouth of a salty
truck driver plays Ellie and her
protector Joel a guy in his late 40s
with a mysterious past and a mean case
of old man strength follow along on
their fathers sort of daughter road trip
through a beautiful world of linear
corridors and strategic cover where
you'll encounter horrific sights along
the way like torture suicide Pittsburgh
dead children
more torture more dead children add the
ultimate horror of leaving your best
friend hanging what is wrong with you
you monster
they send me AI that hunts Joel down
relentlessly while completely ignoring
LA and make your way through the
apocalypse with hardcore survival
tactics like super and listening to
things prison quality arts and crafts
and pinpoint brick Chucky
test yourself in an unforgiving
multiplayer mode where you die in two or
three shots a crafting system that has
you explore every corner of the game
world for supplies and the biggest
challenge in gaming history keeping it
together during the giraffe scene fight
the fields fight them so play through an
epic title on the PlayStation 3 or 4
console and if you're too poor to afford
one of those wait patiently for its
release on PC and Xbox any day now any
day o storing Juno Everdeen old Nathan
Drake and a really bad yeast infection
left for dead come on guys I can't be
the only one who murdered all the
helpless Dodgers in the surgery room at
the end right cue all did that too right
til you have a good person
you
Erica vs. paratha
thanks Hills defense
you